guys that are here participating Rodrigo
of this picture still on the day of the lie
let's control one with a supporter
Emeraldino today I hope it is
Enough is good and good afternoon
Gustavo Gustavo here who speaks did not know
of the emerald nation, how is it then?
you guy calling you that we had a
another problem with your plan
so I think it goes
We're going to have to suspend your
during an expensive month and runs the
mine risk the future the collection
your plan
Look, I do not know, they've done an injury here.
I believe that the collection will come
including the 139 90's of the emerald plan
and then we thought it would be better to
benefit that we do not know what
it's happening and but it's like another
company that manages the payment
of your card 's invoice will look normal
Dude then I do not think so.
How to cancel now?
you will probably have to do this
payment for us to do
something
Are you going to have to be able to enter?
that buying the normal ticket is not
how will the nation get you queue and such
for this game, not because we still
have to solve the systemic issue right
Hi, Damn it, I'm trying to do it.
possible, I'll pass on to my
supervisor to see if he has a
alternative for you
Rodrigo beauty right
I knew I got the information here
It looks like you had a problem with your
card right there
We were trying to solve
this problem here but it is something that
will not have people even gustavo you will
have to have a chair and go
this is the parcel still arriving in your
home and we will not have any way to do it
a lot of things we will not look for
solve this here while you
will not have access to the games ok jazz a
war is trying to talk, you already know
that's dj was not well was trying
catch the second day of the lie does not have
way was no joke and I thought it would
fall but no way
but not set to talk you
You will have today will have four ticket
a game against santo andré and will goes
have a shirt also from the nation
Emerald beauty
I put it on, it's a cool thing.
nothing nothing wrong does not is all right
just a joke our day here
I'm lying to everyone and it's over.
acknowledging that it was cool was cool
to participate here I hope he continues
supporting us and cheering for the goiás to
that we can be together there in
in these victorious ways that people
There's going to be a lot of
front